Additional tweaks to task retry docs (#9575)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/tasks.md

## Retries

Prefect can automatically retry tasks on failure. In Prefect, a task _fails_ 

> if it returns a value that is not a `State` object, or if it raises an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if its python function raises an exception or, uncommonly, returns a value that is not a `State` object.
```

Author: @billpalombi Isn't a task a function? 😅

Author: Actually I see what you mean now

Author: I'm going to leave out the `State` part for now because it doesn't make sense and I don't understand what would cause that. (It can't be that the user-defined function returned an object other than a `State`...).

> exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

To enable retries, pass `retries` and `retry_delay_seconds` parameters to your
task. If the task fails, Prefect will retry it up to `retries` times, waiting
`retry_delay_seconds` seconds between each attempt. If the task fails on the
final retry, Prefect marks the task as _crashed_ if the task raised an exception
or _failed_ if it returned a string.

!!! note "Retries don't create new task runs"
    A new task run is not created when a task is retried. A new state is added to the state history of the original task run.

### A simple example: dividing by zero

For example, this task divides a numerator by a random denominator without 
checking to ensure that `denominator` is a non-zero number:

```python
from random import randint
from prefect import task

> @task(retries=3)

Reviewer: This doesn't work, right? A task must be in a flow.

Reviewer: ```RuntimeError: Tasks cannot be run outside of a flow. To call the underlying task function outside of a flow use task.fn()
```

Author: This is the definition of a task. You have to call or submit tasks from a flow.

Reviewer: Ah I see, you didn't intend for this to be a runnable example. Most (all?) of the other code examples that we include in the docs are runnable, so including a code snippet that can't be run in isolation is a departure from the norm. If we are going to include an example that isn't runnable in isolation, I think we should remove the `import` statements, so it doesn't look like its code meant to be copied, pasted, and run in isolation.

Reviewer: We also might want to explicitly call out thats its just a definition, and must be called from a flow.

Author: Ah, gotcha. I see. The other examples in this section aren't runnable, so I didn't even notice! I'll adapt this to have a flow that calls it.
